README.md, before:

<center> 
    <h1>AlchemyInterpolation</h1> 
</center>

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-osx-lightgrey.svg" alt="Platform">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/language-swift-orange.svg" alt="Language">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg" alt="License">
</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="#requirements">Requirements</a>
    <a href="#installation">Installation</a>
    <a href="#usage">Usage</a>
    <a href="#references">References</a>
    <a href="#license">License</a>
</p>

AlchemyInterpolation is a Swift framework for interpolations

## Requirements

- Xcode
    - Version: **8.0 beta (8S128d)**
    - Language: **Swift 3.0**
- OS X
    - Compatible With: **OS X 10.11**
    - Deployment Target: **OS X 10.10**

<!--- iOS-->
<!--    - Compatible With:   **iOS 9.1**-->
<!--    - Deployment Target: **iOS 8.0**-->
<!--- watchOS-->
<!--    - Compatible With:   **watchOS 2.0**-->
<!--    - Deployment Target: **watchOS 2.0**-->
<!--- tvOS-->
<!--    - Compatible With:   **tvOS 9.0**-->
<!--    - Deployment Target: **tvOS 9.0**-->

## Installation

Install using the [Swift Package Manager](https://swift.org/package-manager/)

Add the project as a dependency to your Package.swift:

```swift
import PackageDescription

let package = Package(
    name: "MyProjectUsingAlchemyInterpolation",
    dependencies: [
        .Package(url: "https://github.com/chris-al-brown/alchemy-interpolation", majorVersion: 0, minorVersion: 1)
    ]
)
```

Then import `import AlchemyInterpolation`.

## Usage

Check out 'Demo.playground' for example usage.  

## References

1. [Robert Penner's Easing Functions](http://robertpenner.com/easing/)

2. [AHEasing](https://github.com/warrenm/AHEasing)

3. [Easing Functions Cheat Sheet](http://easings.net)

## License

AlchemyInterpolation is released under the [MIT License](LICENSE.md).

Commit message:

added most of the remaining easeInOut and easeOut methods

README.md, after:

<center> 
    <h1>AlchemyInterpolation</h1> 
</center>

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-osx-lightgrey.svg" alt="Platform">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/language-swift-orange.svg" alt="Language">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg" alt="License">
</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="#requirements">Requirements</a>
    <a href="#installation">Installation</a>
    <a href="#usage">Usage</a>
    <a href="#references">References</a>
    <a href="#license">License</a>
    <a href="#todo">TODO</a>
</p>

AlchemyInterpolation is a Swift framework for interpolations

## Requirements

- Xcode
    - Version: **8.0 beta (8S128d)**
    - Language: **Swift 3.0**
- OS X
    - Latest SDK: **macOS 10.12**
    - Deployment Target: **OS X 10.10**

While AlchemyInterpolation has only been tested on OS X with a beta version of Xcode, 
it should presumably work on iOS, tvOS, and watchOS as well.  It only depends on the 
the Swift standard library with optional added extensions to CoreGraphics and simd. 

## Installation

Install using the [Swift Package Manager](https://swift.org/package-manager/)

Add the project as a dependency to your Package.swift:

```swift
import PackageDescription

let package = Package(
    name: "MyProjectUsingAlchemyInterpolation",
    dependencies: [
        .Package(url: "https://github.com/chris-al-brown/alchemy-interpolation", majorVersion: 0, minorVersion: 1)
    ]
)
```

Then import `import AlchemyInterpolation`.

## Usage

Check out 'Demo.playground' for example usage.  

## References

1. [Robert Penner's Easing Functions](http://robertpenner.com/easing/)

2. [AHEasing](https://github.com/warrenm/AHEasing)

3. [Easing Functions Cheat Sheet](http://easings.net)

## License

AlchemyInterpolation is released under the [MIT License](LICENSE.md).

## TODO

- [ ] Add easeInBack, easeInOutBack, easeOutBack methods
- [ ] Add easeInElastic, easeInOutElastic, easeOutElastic methods
- [ ] Add easeInBounce, easeInOutBounce, easeOutBounce methods
